not being able to get inside to the
smell which was attacking him he came
out to the front
but now he caught a whiff of the smell
of the suspended bait
I hadn't reckoned on him being so big
and try this May we saw that he could
reach this hanging bait
but fortunately he couldn't get enough
to satisfy him and he repeated with some
of the goat's intestines dangling from
the corner of his mouth
and down came the door hastily we piled
boulders on the door so that he couldn't
lift it up we've got him
and we thought our troubles were over we
had filmed him and we had caught him but
we reckoned without one thing
unfortunately in the end bureaucracy
defeated us and we weren't given a
permit to export those dragons from
Indonesia so I'm afraid they're still
there that was the end of our zoo quest
[Music]